Copyright 2018 LOKAD SAS

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction other than the conditions set out below, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1.	The grant to deal provided above is restricted to dealing in the Software only for purposes of applications or uses operating on the Bitcoin Cash (“BCH”) blockchain.
2.	Redistributions of all copies or substantial portions of the source code of the Software must retain the above copyright notice and permission notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
3.	Redistributions of all copies or substantial portions of the object code of the Software must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
4.	Any work to the extent consisting of the Software or modifications made thereto, must be licensed under this license to anyone who comes into possession of a copy. regardless of how such work is packaged.  Each time such a work is conveyed to a recipient, the recipient automatically receives this license from the original licensors, to run, modify and otherwise deal with that work.
5.	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OF OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
